[Music]
[Applause]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2018 biographical film
Bohemian Rhapsody so let's get started
we will do our best to summarize all the
2019 Oscar Best Picture nominees before
the awards check out the playlist above
for more oscar nominees summaries the
film opens in 1970 with farooq full
saara
watching a local band smile perform at a
nightclub Farooq meets with guitarist
Brian May and drummer Roger Taylor and
offers to replace their lead singer
joined by bassist John Deacon the band
that goes on to be known as Queen begins
to work on their debut album
they sign a contract with EMI records
and Farook legally changes his name to
Freddie Mercury Freddy also gets engaged
to Mary Austin
their album becomes a success in America
and during their US tour Freddie begins
questioning his sexuality in 1975 Queen
records their fourth album a Night at
the Opera but the band leaves
EMI records after the label refuses to
release the album's lead single Bohemian
Rhapsody the song is a huge hit and
during their worldwide tour Freddie
begins an affair with the band's manager
Paul printer Freddie admits to Mary that
he is bisexual but she assures him that
he is gay the band continues to be a
success through the early 80s but
Freddie's attitude begins to change
during a party he falls for a waiter
named Jim Hutton but Jim tells Freddie
to find him when he learns to like
himself the press begin to pry into
Freddie's social life and his sexuality
Freddie's relationship with his band
mates gets worse after announcing a solo
record he moves to Munich to work on his
solo album getting heavily involved in
drugs and orgies with paul printer his
ex-fiancee mary now pregnant urges him
to return to the band who have been
offered a spot for the benefit concert
live 8 Paul wood held this information
from Freddie which enrages Freddie and
he leaves Paul in a retaliation Paula
goes public with Freddie's sexual
escapades
after her asking for forgiveness for the
band Freddie in the band are given a
last-minute slot at Live Aid beforehand
though Freddie reveals that he has
contracted AIDS and the band members
embrace him with love and support
freddie is reunited with the waiter Jim
Hutton and his ex fiance married and the
band goes on to perform at live 8 with
his family watchin can perform on TV the
movie then shows the entire set that
they played for Live Aid with a variety
of hits which is still considered as one
of the greatest performance of all time
by many critics the concert is a success
and freddie spends the remainder of his
life with Jim Hutton after dying from
AIDS in 1991 the remaining members of
Queen create the mercury Phoenix trust
to help combat AIDS worldwide so that
was the spoilers for Bohemian Rhapsody
if you have another film you'd like to
see me spoil please let me know in the
comments below check out movie's spoiler
alerts and her various forms of social
media and remember to Like and subscribe
thanks for watching